Wait for me to sacrifice
The entire dragon vein breaks through
It's not a problem for human immortals to soar during the day
What earthquake disappeared?
Sir, you really attract thousands of people.
The representative of the old man will come to kill billions of people, thank you
I didn't expect this guy to actually treat them like this
No way.
Isn't my Zhao family finished and can't let him succeed?
everyone
Don't be fooled by this kid's backbone
Why can he sell like this?
I really thought he was capable.
It's not that if he hadn't drained Long Xi
Wuhan University elders will not be injured
Nanjing will not suffer any losses
Ultimately
He is the culprit
That's right, I think getting into martial arts is the worst
Now is the time to assault him
This child moves
Don't pay attention to the elders in the hall
Not for ignorance of superiority and inferiority
offend the audience
And even worse.
He spoke out to humiliate the fearless defender of the country
Make me wait again and again
But he got worse.
unscrupulous
Arrogant
The guilty party
Elder, if such a person in the world cannot do
The pinnacle of our southern border
As you can imagine
Our southern border will fall into
He De's purgatory on earth
Today's younger generation wishes Shanzi
Get rid of this scourge for Great Xia
OK
You said to get rid of this scourge
That's right, I think the scourge that should be eliminated is you